# Project Proposal for Psych 254
## Eric Hermann
### Paper: Avir, Rosenweig, & Dunning (2015)

The paper I've chosen focuses on how claims of expertise in a field can lead people to exaggerate or completely make up knowledge of concepts in that particular field. This phenomenon is interesting to me because affects many different domains of behavior, and I think is a really hard thing to avoid, especially when people are looking to you as an expert about something (which is a phenomenon I experience a lot as a computer science student at home, where no one knows any better and I'm really the only person with particular knowledge about computers). This will also be the first legitimate research proposal that I've carried out in a thorough and scientific way, so I wanted to choose a project that was not overly complex and would be manageable for me to really get my feet wet!

For stimuli and procedures, most of the authors' material is uploaded online (at this link: https://osf.io/2m8cu), which will make it much easier to access and replicate their methodology. The authors used Mechanical Turk to survey around 675 people through 4 different sub-studies, which may be a large number to replicate, so I may end up choosing one of the four studies done and replicating just that. Study 1 looks specifically at overclaiming in personal finance, and replicating this result could be an interesting project in and of itself (1b was just a replication of 1a with more participants).

The most significant challenge I think my project will face will be data collection. I've never used Mechanical Turk, and it may be difficult to get the money to pay anywhere from 200-600 people to participate. One nice feature of the study is that the questionnaire likely won't take more than 10 minutes for any of the four studies, so pay per person won't have to be too over the top. Other than that, I don't forsee any significant challenges here. As a side note, having not run a study like this before, I'd love to get some specific guidance as we dive further into this project, and will likely come to office hours to do that!
